[DOCS-7851] Expand on view signals for Cloud SIEM Investigate Security Signals (#23539)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/investigate_security_signals.md

- **Rules List** to see the volume and alerting trends across the different detection rules.
- **Timeseries** to view signal trends over time.
- **Top List** to see signals with the highest to lowest number of occurrences.
- **Table** to see signals by the specified tag key (for example, `source`, `technique`, and so on).
- **Pie Chart** to see the relative volume of each of the detection rules.

{{< img src="security/security_monitoring/investigate_security_signals/signal_list.png" alt="The Signal Explorer showing signals categorized by detection rules" style="width:100%;" >}}

### View signals by detection rules

To view your signals based on detections rules, click **Rules List** in the **Visualize as** field under the search bar. Click on a rule to see the signals related to that rule. Click on a signal to see the signal details.

### View signals by MITRE ATT&CK

To view your signals by MITRE ATT&CK Tactic and Technique:
1. Select **Table** in the **Visualize as** field under the search bar, and group by **Tactic**.
1. Click the plus icon next to the first group `by` to add a second group `by`, and select **Technique** for it.

> 1. In the table, click one of the tactics or techniques to see options to further drill down and filter the signals. For example, you can view signals related to the tactic and technique and search for or exclude specific tactics and techniques.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In the table, click one of the tactics or techniques to see options to further investiage and filter the signals. For example, you can view signals related to the tactic and technique and search for or exclude specific tactics and techniques.
```
